fix: [M3-7104] - Images create > upload image > reduce space above and below Linode CLI help text (#9812)
linode/manager: packages/manager/.changeset/pr-9812-fixed-1697639234272.md

---
"@linode/manager": Fixed
---

> Images create > upload image > reduced space above and below Linode CLI help text ([#9812](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/9812))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Excess spacing above and below Linode CLI help text in Upload Image form ([#9812](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/9812))
```

Minor suggestion. We generally try to word these so that the fixed changesets describe the bug (what *was* fixed) rather than what the actual fix *is*, if that makes sense.
